API: Add Array API aliases (math, bitwise, linalg, misc) [Array API] (#25086)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/25086.new_feature.rst

Array API compatible functions' aliases
---------------------------------------

> 13 aliases for existing functions were added to comply with Array API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13 aliases for existing functions were added to improve compatibility with the Array API standard:
```

Author: Done!
